Get out!
Ow!
No! No!
No!
- I've got one on my tail.
- We lost ours.
We need to take care
of that bleeding. Let's go.
This way.
Okay, what now?
Wait till dawn. Hunt them down.
Why don't we just
get the food and go?
Yeah, we're going to walk
out of here with our arms full.
As long as we walk
out of here, yeah.
Unless chow ain't the only thing
we're here for.
I'm not leaving Daryl and Gabriel
and I won't risk
being followed home.
Carver, report.
In the infirmary.
The leader slugged me,
but I'll get her.
Just find her. Not one of them
is getting out of here alive.
Copy that.
Look out!
Hey!
We can't find Judith and Gracie.
They never made it out.
Okay! You're with us!
We get through this
and we will find them.
- It's not going to hold.
- It will.
Come on.
I've got it.
What else can we use?
Rain's not helping.
The wind just keeps
stoking the flames.
Sorry, boss,
but it's scorching in there.
- It might be time to call it off.
- No.
We just got to try something else.
Like a fire truck.
Hey! Hey! Come here.
Come on! Come on!
- The breach?
- We closed the one by the gate.
Good. Let's focus on the flames.
Hang on. There's too many sickos
inside the walls.
There's got to be another breach.
Scott and the others
are checking the cul-de-sac
and we're headed
towards the east wall.
If this windmill falls,
it can create
an opening too big to close.
I'll go with you. We find the breach
and you take care
of the windmill, okay?
All right.
- What's that?
- Gracie. It's her emergency signal.
Put out that fire
or we could lose everything. Go!
For Pope.
Austin, you in there? Austin?
Break it down.
- No.
- Shit.
No more.
We need to get to the window.
- If we could reach this pipe...
- It's too high...
No!
- No!
- Gracie!
- Judith!
- Gracie! Stay there!
- Daddy!
Dad!
Come on! Come on!
Stay there! Stay there!
- Come on! Come on!
Go to the window!
- The window!
- Dad! Are you okay?
- Are you?
There's more.
Let's go.
Come on, Judith!
- Keep going!
- What about you?
- I'll get help.
- Go! Get Gracie to safety first.
I got this.
That's far enough.
Can't let you harm one of my flock.
Worry about yourself first.
God will stay your hand,
just like he did
at the graves yesterday.
- You knew I was there?
- The Lord did.
He told me I had nothing to fear.
- You hear Him?
- I do.
And He tells you
to defend these people?
His hand guides my every step.
These are monsters
who slaughter entire towns
without provocation,
massacre children.
And you pray for them?
- How could God speak to you?
- My role is not to question.
I listen and serve.
Just following orders, huh?
Where have I heard that before?
True faith requires doubt
and I have mine.
Violence is not the path I'd take,
but blood has been spilt
in God's name for centuries.
His will is unknown to us.
All I can do is trust in Him.
God wouldn't allow you
to murder my friends
and neither will I. Move aside.
You don't hear Him anymore, do you?
- My flock is worth saving.
- Is that your choice or His?
Do you even listen anymore? Listen.
He's here with us right now,
asking you to hear Him again.
Will you?
Or will you cut down a man
that he's placed in your path?
The path of peace is hard.
But we can take the first steps
together for both of our flocks.
Take my hand.
Renew your faith.
Allow yourself to be saved
no matter what any of us have done.
No one is above saving.
I don't believe that.
Oops. Wrong turn.
You killed my sister.
Okay.
Well, I got to say thanks for this.
I was getting tired
of all the searching.
Hey!
Over here, shit dick.
This should be fun.
Well, ding-ding.
Thanks, kid.
Stop!
Should have took you out right off.
We don't kill him yet.
He needs to pay for what he did.
I agree.
But if we go down that road...
we ain't all gonna
make it out alive. No offense.
I hate this prick.
But we got him now, let's use him.
Get what we want and go home.
- Are you doing this for her?
- No.
No, I'm not. I'm doing it for us.
Leah wants us gone,
but not more than saving
her own family,
especially this asshole.
This could go wrong
800 different ways.
Me, I am down with us
getting out of this alive.
- No!
- Elijah.
You're just going to
let him walk away?
They will get what's coming to them.
Maybe not today, but they will.
I promise.
Leah.
It's me. We need to talk.
Shit.
That whistle came
from downstairs, right?
Use that window. Get to the cellar.
- We got this.
- Okay.
Shit! Oh, shit!
Aaron? Aaron!
In here!
- Okay, hold on. I'll be right back.
- Sure.
I'm not going anywhere.
Are you okay?
Thank you.
You would have done the same for me.
I would.
- Gracie? Judith?
- They're safe.
- The walkers?
- Dianne and Rosita, they're on it.
- Okay.
Let's go help with the windmill.
Leave me here if you have to.
Just make sure he's dead.
I'm not going anywhere without you.
No matter what happens, okay?
You ready?
Yeah.
Here, take this, just in case.
Leah.
We're here.
Come out.
Put your weapons on the ground.
I need to see Carver first!
Take that.
Come out!
Put your weapons on the ground.
What are you offering?
Lose the weapons, we let you leave.
- Is that all?
- You head north, don't turn back.
I see anyone, anyone at all,
I'm going to kill him.
Once we're far out enough,
I let him go.
- Shut up.
- You expect me to trust you now?
Yeah, I do.
We're doing this all wrong.
We survived everything for what?
To keep fighting
and killing each other?
If that's what it takes.
You don't have to.
I'm giving you a chance to save
what's left of your family and mine.
No more lies. Jensen.
That was a warning!
The last one!
Everybody out!
Lower the knife. Cut the rope.
Jensen, the woman.
Fine.
Elijah, don't.
No one moves!
Elijah.
- He takes one more step, he dies!
- Josephine.
- Carve, don't.
- Stop.
- Jensen, pull the trigger.
- Her name was Josephine...
Jensen, what the hell?
- Jensen!
- Nope.
No Jensen here.
Call me "Gabriel."
The other two better back off
or they're next.
Stand down.
- Your deal still stand?
- You had your chance.
You would have killed us.
Picked us off one by one, right?
Now Gabriel does
the same thing to you.
Maybe you're right.
Your friend has the rifle,
but I bet we take a couple of you
down before he takes us all.
You can have your town. We walk.
You save your family, I save mine.
Yeah.
Negan.
You know what I think.
Drop your weapons and go.
- Not without Carver.
- No.
Do it.
I said, do it.
I'll see you soon.
Elijah.
For Josephine. For all of them.
Get up.
Maggie, no!
What the hell was that?
This is not what I wanted.
Could have had a second chance.
We both could have.
Go. Go before I change my mind.
I'm going to head out.
We'll catch up with you
when we can, okay?
Be careful.
I'll be back soon. Promise.
Alden!
Alden?
You were always gonna do
what you did, Maggie.
I don't blame you, really.
You see when it comes to me,
promise or not,
it's just a matter of time
before you make the same call.
So,
I ain't going to give you
the chance to do that.
I'm going to be on my own way.
I heard what you said.
"We're doing it wrong."
I was just thinking about choices.
Do they even matter anymore?
Depends on who's making the choice.
Doubt's important,
but it doesn't make you wrong.
You telling me to have faith?
Yeah, I suppose so, yes.
What about you?
Yeah, I'm trying.
I'm trying.
Alden?
You see Negan?
He said he'd catch up.
He left.
Hey, Maggie.
All quiet?
Where's everyone else?
Uncle Daryl!
Yeah. Oh!
Hey, buddy.
- Missed you, Mom.
- Missed you as well.
You've been good? Yeah?
- Is that it?
- Yeah.
- Where's Negan?
- He left.
He ain't coming back here.
Here you go. Just take one.
Hey, you want one?
You want one?
Is that our food?
We made a promise and we kept it.
Yes, you did.
Yeah, just one. Yeah.
No way.
Happy to see you.
Yeah.
Hey, you want an apple? Yeah?
I have so many questions
for you. Yeah.
We'll fix it up.
Hey, man.
You all right? Alden?
He's gone.
So many didn't make it,
all so we could survive.
And we will.
After the storm,
we had nothing left.
Thank you.
Hey! Got something coming!
These guys with you?
Guess not.
Everyone, get ready!
No, no, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
We're all friends.
They're here to help.
Ezekiel, Yumiko, and I
set out on a journey.
Charged ourselves with finding hope
in our darkest of days.
Suffice to say
we hit the proverbial jackpot.
It's probably best
that I step aside,
so y'all can hear it
from the horse's mouth, as it were.
I give you Mr. Lance Hornsby,
diplomatic representative
of the Commonwealth.
Hello, I'm Lance.
Thank you for allowing us
into your home.
I must say, I am impressed
with everything you've built here
and what I've heard
of your other communities.
But it's clear
you've fallen on hard times.
And that is where the Commonwealth
is more than willing to help.
If you remain,
we can provide labor and materials
to help you build back
all you've lost.
However,
if any are interested,
I do have another
potentially more interesting choice
to offer.
Open up.
Doesn't have to be this way.
Yeah. Yeah, it does.